let the games begin do you have
what it takes to beat the traps of saw
five could you outsmart
the genius responsible for the famous
torture devices
and if so how would he do it is it even
possible
let's find out here is our take on how
to beat the traps
of sol 5. now if you want to skip the
quick intro and jump right into how to
beat the traps
then click on the time stamp below the
fan's favorite horror franchise
is a classic and needs no introduction
not so random people
find themselves trapped in old rusty
chambers linked to some novel
and honestly more often than not quite
intriguing torture device
a clock as well as a tv screen or fixed
assets
in each and every chamber and the famous
puppet is one of the most iconic faces
in horror history
what many don't know is is that the
puppet fulfills a rather symbolic job
you see john cramer is a puppet master
all of his chosen victims do exactly as
he predicts
without any further or direct
instructions especially in this part of
the series
if you are a true fan of the franchise
you will know that the sick game of
torture
is in reality rehabilitation yep
john cramer better known as jigsaw
doesn't just torture random people for
personal entertainment nope it is no
entertainment at all
he does so to benefit the larger society
because he cures madness with madness
he explains but why well
in psalm 5 we find out that the prisons
do not seem very promising in preventing
the bad apples of society to continue
committing crimes
in fact we are told that 67.5
of released prisoners end up behind bars
again
within just three years of their release
while torture devices of the saw movies
are rather unlikely to be used in the
real world which is reassuring
the ideology that stands behind them
isn't the data presented in the movie
comes very close to the actual number
found in our world
in 2019 the rate of violent crimes
committed by ex-convicts within just
eight years of their release
stood at 64 percent therefore we can
safely conclude
that the prison system as we know it has
indeed failed
and so it is no wonder that the number
of self-proclaimed heroes
has multiplied in recent years and that
is why john kramer does what he does
he doesn't punish he cures grab yours
next people and let me show you how i
would beat the traps of saw 5. in this
movie we have three independent torture
scenes
or sequences to go through the first is
the device that ultimately killed seth
baxter
which as you know is impossible to solve
as in fact there was no chance of
solving it
he was meant to die there isn't really
much to figure out here
but if you do find a creative way to get
out of this situation
you're more than welcome to share with
us in the comments down below
the second device is the waterboxx that
aims on taking out
agent peter's strand now this one was
rather fascinating
if you have watched the movie you might
remember that ancient stream does not
fail to impress
when he peers a ballpoint pen right
through his throat
in order to perform what is known as a
trach chaostomy
now don't try to say this again or you
might end up needing one
but perhaps we can find another less
risky way to beat this trap
because there is no way i would stab
myself in the throat
with a pen actually i don't want to stab
myself with anything we can see
he sits in an office chair able to turn
around 360 degrees
his head stuck in the box also seems
loose enough to actually turn
the first thing i would do is look
around
check out each and every corner of the
trap because you need to know exactly
what is going on
once you have gained the full picture
you perhaps realize that the tubes which
fill
in the water are actually in reach and
this is it folks
grabbing the tubes is your only chance
here and there are three ways to go
about it
first try to pull them out completely as
hard as you can
and if that doesn't work use your pen to
poke holes
into the tubes so that the water can
escape but let's be honest guys
both of these options seem a little bit
difficult to pull off i think the tubes
are rather strongly attached to the
glass box
and the material of these tubes well
they look like they're made out of
strong rubber
meaning they won't break that easily so
the most likely way to beat this trap
is by grabbing the tubes at the lowest
point
to stop the flow of water it is very
doable
because firstly you can easily reach
them and secondly you have a chair where
you can strategically position yourself
on
in order not to waste any more energy
than minimally required
and then you wait until someone comes to
rescue
now you might think this takes on
forever but remember
peter sram as well as you right now is
an fbi agent
and his phone is on the table so at one
point
his phone will be tracked and you will
be found
the good thing is jigsaw is not watching
you in this particular room
hence you're free to free yourself that
is if you don't panic and lose your [ __ ]
just like the next guy
in our analysis you find yourself once
again in the hands
of no other than jigsaw but this time
not only you are wearing a kinky collar
but four strangers are also caught up in
the exact same situation
but are they really strangers to you no
jigsaw makes this very clear
as he states that all of you are linked
together literally
linked together he shares with all of
you that there is a connection between
each and every one of you and explains
the captivating torture device
he furthermore states that in order to
survive you must not
go with your usual instinct which is a
very straightforward suggestion
my take on that is the following the
obvious instinct in the eye of
death is survival i must survive
will be present in everyone's head at
this point and this is it friends
in order to survive this thought this
instinct is wrong
according to jigsaw at least since we
all are facing the exact same danger
it is an i that must survive it is we
once thought of it in these terms it
becomes rather obvious
but first things first don't be this guy
everyone is trapped so do not accuse
other people and most importantly
stop panicking nobody likes a drama
queen and you
my friend are in a very bad situation so
shut it
you want friends not enemies now we at
binge express
would solve the trap like this first of
all
it would be possible for each one of us
to walk up
write the glass box secure a key and
open the collar simple and easy
one by one once someone has secured a
key whoever it is that reaches out first
we would absolutely try to kill our
caller as well to further back this
claim
somebody is watching you implied by the
camera above and the same person
gave you hints in order to survive
meaning death is an option
and not the rule allowing the
possibility of more than just one way to
survive
i guess what i'm trying to say here is
you have to think outside the box
great everyone survived this is a very
crucial point
now here's what i mean if everyone
survives
the moral of the group skyrockets which
is an important aspect for healthy
teamwork
surviving situations like these builds
trust and binds people together
after the next one what can go wrong oh
well
if you remember the prison scene of
shanghai noon i know i got you covered
now this chamber is rather
straightforward to solve and i'm sure
most of you had it figured out by
watching the scene as well
if not then here you go all three
available tubes
are large enough to fit in multiple
people but perhaps
there is more to figure out here what
i'm talking about is this
there seems to be another part another
side of the kennel system
promising that if you can get over there
which is definitely not intended by
jigsaw
you might be able to escape without any
further trials to overcome
because we don't know what's coming next
but no one jigsaw was behind all of this
i must admit i'm not eager to find out
myself but how do we get over there
you might ask well you're five people
practically uninjured at this point
which is a great thing
furthermore there are items lying around
and other tools
and instead of using them to hurt each
other we will try to use them
for our advantage now here's my idea
wet clothes is extremely durable even
able to bend steel sometimes with the
right technique i mean
with the shirt or jeans take them around
two of the poles at the closed side of
the tube
take a stick preferably metal and fixate
both ends of the clothespins on it
twist it and hope that you can either
bend the bars or loose them up enough
in order to break through with force
since the bars are rusty
and the whole place rather abandoned
there is an actual chance it could work
now you're either on your way out or
perhaps you couldn't break out
and you have to go through the next
trial which is yeah bridging an electric
circuit
of 100 ma with what seems to be your own
body
i'm sorry to break it to you it's a bad
idea because well
it's shockingly lethal however luckily
your five
hopefully healthy people and therefore
the maximum current that goes through
each one of you
would be 20ma which is still quite a bit
but a lot less than 100
alright everyone has survived you have
entered the fourth and hopefully last
room
the game this time is to fill a big jar
with enough blood
in order to make it drop down to release
the lock system
on the massive door next spy the
circular saws
and the oddly perfect hand-sized
entrances are definitely implying
something not so pretty if all of you 5
have made it this far without killing
and stabbing each other
this will be the ultimate trial to test
your moral conduct
why well all previous trials could be
overcome
with minor or no damage at all now
however
you have to saw into your hand and those
saws look absolutely terrifying
i mean have you ever cut yourself while
cooking that [ __ ] actually hurts
and now having to voluntarily saw into
my hand with this
definitely not very inviting but then
again your five people
evaded death three times together and
they're very close to be out of there
it is highly likely that if you've made
it this far you will also be able to
ditch this one
although damaged you will remain alive
congratulations
or you pee into it and save a thing or
two but don't stick it in too far please
so here's my conclusion in life or dead
situations
where your well-being is directly
threatened the most
important thing is to remain calm and
trusting
losing control over one's emotion may
very well lead to an early death
the one thing those five participants
screwed themselves up with
was the lack of trust each and every one
of them only thought of fair independent
survival
which ultimately led to their demise if
they took jigsaw's hints seriously
that they all were related in some way
or another and actually tried to figure
it out by getting to know each other
they would have concluded that teamwork
will save them while egoism
will lead to a sure death now did you
realize this
after every chamber the clock of the
next room
wouldn't start until the door of the
last was shut
allowing for extended periods of time to
communicate
and find out the connection between them
or
a way out so there you have it that's
how we would survive saw five
but how would you survive those attempts
to murder you let us know your take in
the comment section below
we're eager to find out and we see you
in the next video
thank you very much for watching